the Skyforce gold wires a 5-11 guard out
of Charlotte back to topic for a three
and it's good from the left side to make
that right side for chat minute 15 left
is Powell will look to the left and now
we'll send it right side top red another
three it's good Chad to lead over the
Thunderbirds 838 left into the lane
Horton outside taupe on wheeler another
three and he made it chad-teau per his
third three-pointer of the game on the
baseline shot is no good so the two
all-stars having trouble tonight Reggie
Williams with seven but missing his last
couple here and here's Tolbert firing
from long range 4635 the lead is nine
there's a fire again by torpor and he
hit Chad topher don't wake him up he's
got 14 and it's been on ball is knocked
off the rim and missed by Williams they
get it up court to toe pert who fires a
wild shot at the bar oh no they went off
the glass I thought there's no way that
was going to go way off to the left even
for with a long bomb instead the lead
grows back to nine Collins the
left-hander dribble now switches to the
right sends it right side Tolbert with
11 to shoot here's the shot does he had
yes there he goes again chad-teau /
popped out of his hands before he could
throw it through the 10 now Hubbard's
gonna try it now loops it over his head
to Powell oh no here he comes again yeah
Chad Tolbert has now gone for 25 points
and has not yet missed from the floor
that is incredible minutes remain
Williams averages 26 on the season and
can I see this again
chad-teau / hits
Chad topper cleared for three and off
the bench he knocks down a triple right
away topper back-to-back 3-pointers from
the same spot for Albuquerque in it nice
defense from Washington all over Korra
left seven to shoot topper to 30 foot
three is splashes home Chad chopard a
three-point gunner played very well in
Albuquerque's went over Rio Grande
Valley knocks down a deep three they're
finished the half with a flurry chopard
in the paint gets the ha way up in the
air and finishes chat topper active
without the ball he is always in motion
with eight points off the bench in this
one John Kofi no continuing the quick
substance live for the t-birds left side
toppers pick-and-roll its Looby to the
rim his third dunk of the
nice look at Lou be going to the rim and
with all that length that three-pointer
and this opposite of what it should be
now it should be 61-56 and they've
adjusted it in the arena top hurts three
and he answers on the other end so
midway through the third quarter in
control topper against Cecil Brown
driving to the rim leaves it for Lu be
and not what card Looby does best but
it'll take it and left tend to shoot for
agouti oh stop it through the paint Fitz
Naugle fakes the three steps inside the
art any time don't let the double-team
catch up and score the basketball
perfect execution from DJ white of the
66 years chopard on the other ends
flashes home along too with one foot
inside the arc chopard be checked out
there by Tillett feed to a duty oh he's
trapped back to Horton kick left wing
there's a topper triple that takes to
lid off the hoop early long-range bomber
the birds with three possessions on this
trip trying to take advantage Horton on
the screen from pitch in the lane kicks
it out chopper 3 ball yes plenty of time
to set it up and the UNM marksmen
cashing it in Albuquerque with four
points on the possession that even at 35
of peace and we want this shot going up
so we get another abbreviated shot clock
after the Idaho possession chopard three
ball left wing ain't got it pump of the
fist by coach Kofi know perfectly
executed play burns up a dozen Edwards
screens for Collins Collins goes against
a screen from Hubbard three-ball from
chopard on the feed from challenge is
pretty sad chopard five of 10 floors
shooting he has 15 of the game the first
have four in double figures
welcome
Oh